as a proud pakistani written Olympic
silver medalist Aamir Khan is a role
model for the nation Jim he's a
contemporary hero and now he wants to
give something back over the past three
weeks amiran his team have taken a group
of volatile use with a history of
violent behavior on a skill and
attempted to you the discipline of
boxing to channel their aggression and
turn their lives around because of
rickie kiger outside the gym and then
has used the values of his family and
faith to give the boys a firm sense of
right and wrong I only to think about
the things you do we don't need to put
the wrong way so take this opportunity
and Megan water but sorting the mouse
has been one of the toughest fights he's
ever had Lynn ginger Lord the rubbish I
don't like the lab or the church
in just five days time the boys will
have to prove they can control her
aggression against hardened opposition
how they cope in the ring has a mere
made any lasting difference in the first
two weeks they were put through their
paces in the gym on the assault course
and in the ring amia has been struggling
to keep most of the group away from
binge drinking and to curb their violent
behavior patty remains one of his
biggest challenges up on your body bike
that's Neil plane all that hard work I
will be durable discipline still before
their fight cuz i think i'd worked with
the lights do you hard for last week
patty locked horns with Amir's
professional trainer Jed and the project
was once again on a knife edge already
come on what we've gotta change oh sure
Paddy's be man enough to come back to
face Jed the tension is still running
high a lot better than yourself right
what give me a lot inspect I just played
debug the work you know it's true a
little bit it's the archers what I
played them I don't faze you well he
didn't show you just check Jamie's take
on budgeting taking on
you want to get an aggression on jet
decides to deal with the situation the
way he knows best will a session on the
pads allow patty to chumleys anger and
bring him back on board
oh sure would Paddy's back on side but
will he stick it out to the end I think
it gonna be trouble our voluntad a I
think he can be the main one I think he
could start again the group will soon be
faced with their ultimate challenge a
three-round sparring match against tough
opposition from Amir's old amateur club
Amir has brought them back to bolton
wanderers to ensure that they are
physically up to the task why is the
final week yes all infinity and what
you've progressed then you've got better
the youth will again be assessed by
first team fitness coach mark Howard
Paddy's heart still doesn't seem to be
in it but the others are eager to prove
that they're ready for the ring so to
start with I'm going to do the body
composition looking away ere get your
body fat I'm going to do some jumps and
the strength test and before the group
under guard grueling fitness test
dragons are here for the shield of
biggest improvement if you can control
his temper he had the potential to be a
useful boxer
Tony's Reds up by forty percent gee he's
looking much stronger his cardiovascular
fitness has improved by eighteen percent
nemat in this final week has pushed
himself to the limit little boys
bienvenuti everything you did yeah I
mean to fit the fitness is their
strength their well I mean it
congratulate the boys mark has one last
surprise to send them on their way guys
little treat a beer uses this technique
to speed the recovery of his muscles in
the builder to a fight it's a chance for
the lads to do the same I what's
happening here is it's called plunger
what that's going to do is call why yeah
can you sit in there for a minute in a
note place yet
god save my house here everyone is
called incredible distance you've all
improved on every single thing in the
next three days you've got you've got to
fight them you've got spa yeah I mean
which can be hard I don't know if I'm
ready I hope I am but all nothing do is
just a hundred percent in and see what
happens on again they're really now
after me it's a I'm just want to get her
look patty still needs to show him here
but he had the right attitude for the
room gotta watch up my little boy I
rather kick some ass at 6am the next
morning a mirror in the team of a
surprising store that will test his
commitment to the project on some floor